This text document is for personal notes to myself, do not interpret it as a guide of any kind.

"Layers" for my simple BBS application:

0. Tear down the current application representation (as on 2/5/2019)
and start from a new tag on github, using instead the react and nextjs framework
as it fits better, IMO, with the native directory structure
of nextjs and forums in general, as shown in the wikipedia article.

Add Redux maybe for educational purposes, however I don't think the scale of this
application will genuinely warrant it. Same applies to an error reporting service
like sentry or a content integration system like Travis CI.

1. Begin with a FRONTEND basic html/jsx that represents a bare minimum 
representation of all interfaces that will be needed for the final
application, including content locked html pages, i.e. admin access
and moderation panels. There will be no content restriction on this
version of the forum software, and all pages will be visual. 

Pages will exist without restriction, obviously. Add a new tag.

2. Begin constructing all hooks within the nextjs react components that
will eventually serve towards a backend, these will exist without any 
kind of connection to a real backend. New tag. Hooks should be simple
async. HTTP GET or POST requests with the async/await calls (Or something else like axios?).

3. For BACKEND now, using an ORM (Sequelize? Mongoose?) and express routing/other middleware, properly setup all backend 
routes from within the nextjs application folder behavior including, can host the database on DigitalOcean:
    3.1 User Groups
    3.2 Threads
    3.3 Posts

Make sure to sanitize! This will probably require quite a bit a research and be the longest section of development. Although perhaps because
intend for the database to be a type of buffer only holding a certain amount of space, it won't be too difficult because
normalization won't be such a huge issue, although throughput might be an issue. Make sure to make physical flow diagrams
to internalize these processes better, better yet, do that for the whole application. These backend routes will evnetually hook up to
the frontend, of course.

4. New tag. Write tests with Jest or whatever else to make sure everything is in working order. Do an OWASP Top 10 review
to hit main common issues.

5. New tag. Make a production version of the application, making changes as needed.

6. New tag. Add CSS: Media queries, CSS-Grid, styling, etc as the final touch.

7. Update HTTP headers for better DNS caching.

8. Host a live version on an ubuntu/nginx server on my DigitalOcean cloud account.

9. Done? Assuming no road blocks.